[Autogenerated] before setting up our actual cluster in Alaska cache we
need to create a security group to use with that cluster are cluster
will need to accept connections on port 6379.
The default Reddit Sport.
Unfortunately the elastic cache wizard doesn't let us make
a new security group so we should configure this ahead of
time and the web console, navigate to the ec.
Two dashboard in the left menu, select security group,
then click on the create security group button,
we'll name this security group.
Pizza readiness S G.
You also have to enter a description so just put something in there in the VPc,
drop down, select our Pizza Vpc in the inbound rules,
click add rule will be opening up port 6379.
So enter that in the port range in the source input field we're
going to give access only to our Pizza lovers instances since they
can be dynamic and their IPs may change,
we should use their security group to configure this access in the field,
type pizza and then select the Pizza Ec two S G option.
Now we're done with this security group.
So click create now we're ready to create our reddest cluster,
navigate to the Alaska cache dashboard on the left side menu,
click the reddest option and then click this create button,
you can leave Red is selected and for our purposes leave the cluster mode
enabled checkbox unchecked will only be using one node for our cluster and
therefore don't need to configure more by enabling cluster.
mode Now let's give our reddest cluster a name, name it.
Pizza dash cluster.
You can select the version of red is to use configure a
different listening port and whether to create read replicas
or not in a production setting, you might want to enable replication,
but for our purposes we will disable it.
So change the number of replicas to zero.
Now choose your node type.
These are just ec two instance types that we've seen before.
I'll choose the smallest one.
T two microbe just to make sure that we stay in the free tier.
Now click save in the advanced reddest settings,
we need to create a cash sub net group.
This will set our Pizza VPc up to host a last a cache clusters.
We'll name it Pizza cache group.
Then in the VPc IDE drop-down you'll need to select your
Pizza VPc but unfortunately the drop-down doesn't currently
have the VPc names included,
so you'll need to pick the actual IDE you might want to look it
up in the VPc dashboard now select both of your sub nets now
we'll configure the security group,
click the pencil icon next to the security group.
Id and then select the security group we just created.
Now click save the rest of the options are for encryption,
automated backups and maintenance.
Windows will leave these options as is so go ahead and click create like most
things it can take a little while to get the cluster created. So in the meantime we'll modify our application code to use this Red is cache